I haven't seen you in a very long time
it's been a little bit the last time you
were about to do the White House
Correspondents Dinner
yes the University beloved correspond
you're looking back well you're not
really a political comedian I think
probably people think you might be
because of that right yeah I mean you
think like I mean I can write jokes
about anything
right yeah like I didn't do political
jokes I don't like doing them but I can
do them I did you know it's not your
thing not my thing but like like right
now we have a guy running for president
who's gay has but in his last name and
is from South Bend Indiana and no one's
making any anything about the gay but
Mayor he's smart detail-oriented some
would even say a little anal those jokes
have not and will not be met and
probably for the best
that's progress we're making progress
don't you think it would liven things up
to have a gay president oh my god a gay
I mean but I would want like a really
gay president the one that comes out on
the debate stage and he's like he's like
you're fat you're ugly and he's getting
happy though I think this is a good
place to be that we're not making these
jokes but it has to be like I know has
to be like a little bit mad about the
timing of all of it has to be Monica
Lewinsky why like we're being so mature
now but back when we essentially called
her a for 25 years what comics of
course of course we did we're terrible
but also like the news like any time
there was a story about ovals or offices
or stains the news was just like yeah
and Monica
got to you Carl and now we're just being
so mature we're being so mature now
really have grown up in a lot of ways
we've been forced to you know yeah well
I mean like I think even mayor Pete has
to be a little surprised oh you do
yeah like he has to get no one's gonna
make any jokes say we don't even know
where he's polling it could be the top
or the bottom you think he's saying that
do you think there's a possibility it
goes in like no I do you the more I came
out though the more I'm like it feels
like okay I don't like to pull this cart
often but it does feel like a little bit
sexist well you know like we were gonna
make fun of Monica we're so immature
when it came to Monica and now we have
this man and we're just being so mature
about it
mm-hmm you know like implies it because
it becomes president Hobie we'll have
the first first gentlemen we're gonna
have the first first gentlemen right
before we have the first female
president
well now we're having the gays we're not
allowed to make fun of this guy they're
stealing our jobs I'm worried about
they're taking our jobs they're doing
them better wedding planner stylist yeah
every woman should just become a doula
immediately I think that's part of his
platform yeah like after that event that
you gained more fans or gain or non-fans
which was it a positive gain or a
negative for you I definitely gained a
ton of fan um but I also yeah like a lot
of people hate hate me for it
yeah um like I get I get trolled a lot
but I'm so bored with all the trolling
like it's all just like so many people
are like oh that carrot top looking and
I'm like yes I know I know I look like
carrot top I have mirrors
every time I see a picture of carrot top
I was like I wasn't in Las Vegas I'm
gonna be we would do the amount of
pull-ups the carrot Tom can do yeah I
would love that yeah sure if I look like
I feel like y'all lift your car pull-ups
you I did not know this about you you
run not just marathons but ultra
marathon yes regular marathons are for
the week how many miles is this ultra
marathons is technically anything over
America marathon but they're like
anywhere from 50 K 100 mile 200 mile 100
miles yeah how many miles have you row
what's the most I did a 50-mile or 50
miles in one day in one day yeah Wow
that sounds like a nightmare though to
me there's part of it that feels good
and then there's part where you want to
die and then you end and you think I'm
never gonna do that again and then you
go like a day later you're like it was
it too bad I might do that again is it
because then you can tell people you did
it or what is the reason is it for you
yourself yeah I mean part of it does
make you feel like you're better than
other people I think that's one of the
reasons people don't like when you talk
about running people cuz I think when I
say I like to run people here
oh you think you're better than me and
yeah I am yeah well congratulations on
your Netflix special thanks on Netflix
you called Michelle walk Jojo
Michelle wolf everybody will be back
with Alan stone hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel give
back this holiday season buy my new book
the serious goose I wrote it and drew it
all the money I make goes to children's
hospitals across the country and if you
don't support that
you are a box